HSET vg_sales:001 "Rank" 1 "Name" "Minecraft" "Platform" "Multi" "Year" 2011 "Genre" "Sandbox" "Publisher" "Mojang Studios" "Global_Sales" 238.0 "Description" "Minecraft is a sandbox video game developed by Mojang Studios. Players interact with a fully modifiable 3D environment made up of blocks and entities. Players can build structures, craft tools and items, mine for resources, grow plants, and engage in combat with hostile creatures. The game features multiple modes including survival mode, where players must acquire resources and maintain health, and creative mode, where players have unlimited resources."
HSET vg_sales:002 "Rank" 2 "Name" "The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild" "Platform" "Switch" "Year" 2017 "Genre" "Action-Adventure" "Publisher" "Nintendo" "Global_Sales" 29.81 "Description" "The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is an action-adventure game that follows Link, who awakens from a hundred-year slumber to defeat Calamity Ganon and save Princess Zelda. The game features a vast open world with nonlinear gameplay, allowing players to freely explore Hyrule, solve puzzles in numerous shrines, and complete the story at their own pace."
HSET vg_sales:003 "Rank" 3 "Name" "Red Dead Redemption 2" "Platform" "Multi" "Year" 2018 "Genre" "Action-Adventure" "Publisher" "Rockstar Games" "Global_Sales" 46.0 "Description" "Red Dead Redemption 2 is an action-adventure game set in 1899 in a fictionalized representation of the Western, Midwestern, and Southern United States. Players control Arthur Morgan, an outlaw and member of the Van der Linde gang, as he attempts to survive against government forces and rival gangs while dealing with the decline of the Wild West."
HSET vg_sales:004 "Rank" 4 "Name" "The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt" "Platform" "Multi" "Year" 2015 "Genre" "RPG" "Publisher" "CD Projekt" "Global_Sales" 40.0 "Description" "The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt is an action role-playing game following Geralt of Rivia, a monster hunter known as a Witcher. The game takes place in a vast open world filled with dangerous creatures, complex characters, and meaningful choices that affect the story's outcome. Players engage in combat, craft items, and use magic while searching for Geralt's adopted daughter."
HSET vg_sales:005 "Rank" 5 "Name" "God of War" "Platform" "PS4" "Year" 2018 "Genre" "Action-Adventure" "Publisher" "Sony Interactive Entertainment" "Global_Sales" 23.0 "Description" "God of War follows Kratos and his young son Atreus on a journey through Norse mythology. Following the death of Kratos's second wife, they embark on a quest to fulfill her final wish of spreading her ashes at the highest peak of the nine realms. The game features intense combat, puzzle-solving, and a deep narrative focused on the relationship between father and son."
HSET vg_sales:006 "Rank" 6 "Name" "Animal Crossing: New Horizons" "Platform" "Switch" "Year" 2020 "Genre" "Life Simulation" "Publisher" "Nintendo" "Global_Sales" 41.59 "Description" "Animal Crossing: New Horizons is a life simulation game where players create their own paradise on a deserted island. Players can customize their island, collect resources, craft items, develop their community, and interact with anthropomorphic animal villagers. The game operates in real-time, with different events and activities available based on the time of day and season."
HSET vg_sales:007 "Rank" 7 "Name" "Cyberpunk 2077" "Platform" "Multi" "Year" 2020 "Genre" "RPG" "Publisher" "CD Projekt" "Global_Sales" 20.0 "Description" "Cyberpunk 2077 is an action role-playing game set in Night City, a megalopolis obsessed with power, glamour, and body modification. Players take on the role of V, a mercenary outlaw going after a unique implant that holds the key to immortality. The game features extensive character customization, multiple approaches to combat, and a branching narrative structure."
HSET vg_sales:008 "Rank" 8 "Name" "Elden Ring" "Platform" "Multi" "Year" 2022 "Genre" "Action RPG" "Publisher" "Bandai Namco" "Global_Sales" 20.5 "Description" "Elden Ring is an action role-playing game developed by FromSoftware in collaboration with George R. R. Martin. Set in the Lands Between, players embark on a quest to repair the shattered Elden Ring and become the Elden Lord. The game features a vast open world, challenging combat, intricate lore, and numerous bosses to defeat."
HSET vg_sales:009 "Rank" 9 "Name" "Final Fantasy VII Remake" "Platform" "PS4" "Year" 2020 "Genre" "RPG" "Publisher" "Square Enix" "Global_Sales" 7.0 "Description" "Final Fantasy VII Remake is a reimagining of the 1997 classic RPG. Set in the dystopian city of Midgar, players control Cloud Strife, a former SOLDIER operative working with the eco-terrorist group AVALANCHE to stop the powerful Shinra Electric Power Company from draining the planet's life essence."
HSET vg_sales:010 "Rank" 10 "Name" "Among Us" "Platform" "Multi" "Year" 2018 "Genre" "Party" "Publisher" "InnerSloth" "Global_Sales" 15.0 "Description" "Among Us is a multiplayer party game where players complete tasks on a spaceship while trying to identify impostors who are secretly sabotaging and eliminating crew members. The game focuses on social deduction, with players engaging in group discussions to identify the impostors before they eliminate the entire crew."
